readme.markdown, before:

Sharp-Updater
=============
_By Anthony Lomeli_

## Some News for Linux users:

I am currently developing on a port of Sharp-Updater for Linux using Mono. Be sure to check back regularly for this update! :D

## Source Version:

Version: 1.2

## Credits & License:

Sharp-Update is licensed under LGPL version 3.0 Copyright &copy; 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

## Project Details:

An updater I made in C# based off of [GUP](http://gup-win32.tuxfamily.org/). It uses plain XML to check for and download updates.

## System Requirements

	1. Windows XP SP3, Windows Server 2003 SP2, Windows Vista SP1 or later, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, or Windows 8 Developer's Preview.
	2. Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 or higher. Get .NET 3.5 here: http://bit.ly/MicrosoftDotNet3-5 Get .NET 4.0 here(Recommended): http://bit.ly/MicrosoftDotNet4
	3. Internet Connection for Updates
	
## Help:

Ask me anything:
[anthonylomeli11@gmail.com](mailto:anthonylomeli11@gmail.com)

If you want to help development...well...there's the source.

Commit message:

Sharp-Updater-Linux somewhat finished, but still completely usable

readme.markdown, after:

Sharp-Updater
=============
_By Anthony Lomeli_

## Some News for Linux users:

Sharp-Updater-Linux is now avaliable. It works exactly the same as the Windows version, with a few exceptions:

	1. Has a "Check for Updates" button(IDK how to get to check on loading)
	2. Progress bar is there, but not working at this moment
	3. You'll need [MonoDevelop](http://monodevelop.com/) and [GTK#](http://www.mono-project.com/GtkSharp) to complie from source

Other than that, it uses the same XML Files and Nodes as the Windows version. So, have fun!
	
Sharp-Updater-Linux Progress: 90% Done, Usable

## Source Version:

Version: 1.2

## Credits & License:

Sharp-Update is licensed under LGPL version 3.0 Copyright &copy; 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

## Project Details:

An updater I made in C# based off of [GUP](http://gup-win32.tuxfamily.org/). It uses plain XML to check for and download updates.

## System Requirements

**Windows**

	1. Windows XP SP3, Windows Server 2003 SP2, Windows Vista SP1 or later, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 7 SP1, Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, or Windows 8 Developer's Preview.
	2. Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 or higher. Get .NET 3.5 here: http://bit.ly/MicrosoftDotNet3-5 Get .NET 4.0 here(Recommended): http://bit.ly/MicrosoftDotNet4
	3. Internet Connection for Updates
	
**Linux**
	1. Mono http://www.go-mono.com/mono-downloads/download.html
	2. Internet Connection for Updates
	
## Help:

Ask me anything:
[anthonylomeli11@gmail.com](mailto:anthonylomeli11@gmail.com)

If you want to help development...well...there's the source.
